feat: add aggsender/aggoracle committee runbook (#40)
agglayer/runbooks: operations/run-aggoracle-committee.md

> # Running AggOracle and AggOracle Committee

Author: ```suggestion
# Run AggOracle Committee
```
@tnobayashi I think we can only focus on the committee in this doc, as running a normal aggoracle should be documented primarily in the l2-trusted-... runbook.

    GlobalExitRootAddr = "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000"
    # Address of the aggoracle committee (required for committee mode)
    AggOracleCommitteeAddr = "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000"

# AggOracle configuration
[AggOracle]
    # Enable AggOracle Committee mode (false for direct injection)
    EnableAggOracleCommittee = false

    [AggOracle.EVMSender]
        # L2 Global Exit Root Manager contract address (references global config)
        GlobalExitRootL2 = "{{L2Config.GlobalExitRootAddr}}"

        # AggOracle Committee contract address (references global config)
        AggOracleCommitteeAddr = "{{L2Config.AggOracleCommitteeAddr}}"

        [AggOracle.EVMSender.EthTxManager]
            # Oracle private key configuration
            PrivateKeys = [
                {Method = "local", Path = "/app/keystore/aggoracle.keystore", Password = "testonly"}
            ]

            [AggOracle.EVMSender.EthTxManager.Etherman]
                # L1 Chain ID
                L1ChainID = 1
```

</details>

### Mode-Specific Configuration

#### Direct Injection Mode

For direct injection mode, set `EnableAggOracleCommittee = false` and ensure:

> 1. The oracle's private key corresponds to an address that is set as the `globalExitRootUpdater` in the L2 Global Exit Root Manager contract

Author: ```suggestion
1. The oracle's private key corresponds to the address that is set as the `globalExitRootUpdater` in the L2 Global Exit Root Manager contract
```

> 2. The `AggOracleCommitteeAddr` is not required in the config file for direct injection mode

Author: ```suggestion
2. The `AggOracleCommitteeAddr` field should _not_ be set in the config file for direct injection mode
```

#### AggOracle Committee Mode

For committee mode, set `EnableAggOracleCommittee = true` and ensure:

1. The oracle's private key corresponds to an address that is a member of the AggOracle Committee

> 2. The `AggOracleCommitteeAddr` is set to the deployed AggOracle Committee contract address

Author: Might be good to detail a bit more where this AggOracleCommittee contract is coming from (reading the runbook from the top it feels it's suddenly introduced here without context)

## AggOracle Committee Management

### Committee Structure

The AggOracle Committee operates on a multi-signature consensus model:

- **Committee Members**: Array of oracle addresses that can propose GERs
- **Quorum**: Minimum number of votes required for GER consolidation
- **Proposal Process**: Members propose GERs, and when quorum is reached, the GER is automatically injected
- **Owner**: Contract owner who can manage committee members and quorum

### Committee Configuration Parameters

> When creating the genesis with an AggOracle Committee, the following parameters must be configured:

Author: "When creating the genesis"
We'd need to be more explicit here. Are you talking about generating the genesis file with our genesis tool from the Protocol team?

Regarding the parameters below, we'd need to know which command they relate to.
